1284498933
ActionView	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	module ActionView
ActsAsChangeLogger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  module ActsAsChangeLogger
AddAdminToUsers	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214190242_add_admin_to_users.rb	class AddAdminToUsers 
AddDescriptionFieldsToCategoriesAndPreferences	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100516105554_add_description_fields_to_categories_and_preferences.rb	class AddDescriptionFieldsToCategoriesAndPreferences 
AddExtraColumnsToPreferences	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100502020901_add_extra_columns_to_preferences.rb	class AddExtraColumnsToPreferences 
AddIpUserAgentToPosts	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100703235025_add_ip_user_agent_to_posts.rb	class AddIpUserAgentToPosts 
AddLastRequestAtToUsers	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100213232018_add_last_request_at_to_users.rb	class AddLastRequestAtToUsers 
AddModeratorVotesCounterToPosts	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100705195948_add_moderator_votes_counter_to_posts.rb	class AddModeratorVotesCounterToPosts 
AddModifiableFlagToPreferences	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100418194501_add_modifiable_flag_to_preferences.rb	class AddModifiableFlagToPreferences 
AddPositionToPreferences	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100516112216_add_position_to_preferences.rb	class AddPositionToPreferences 
AddRequiredToPreferences	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100516120031_add_required_to_preferences.rb	class AddRequiredToPreferences 
AddSessionIdToVotes	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100619212437_add_session_id_to_votes.rb	class AddSessionIdToVotes 
AddShortenedUrlToPosts	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100606045758_add_shortened_url_to_posts.rb	class AddShortenedUrlToPosts 
AddSizeToPreferences	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100520013810_add_size_to_preferences.rb	class AddSizeToPreferences 
AddStateColumnToPosts	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214205730_add_state_column_to_posts.rb	class AddStateColumnToPosts 
AddTweetedColumnToPosts	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100606021921_add_tweeted_column_to_posts.rb	class AddTweetedColumnToPosts 
AddTypeToVotes	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100705184327_add_type_to_votes.rb	class AddTypeToVotes 
AddViewsToPosts	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100703233356_add_views_to_posts.rb	class AddViewsToPosts 
Application	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Bitly	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/Bitly.rb	class Bitly
BrowsingTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CategoriesController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	class Admin::CategoriesController 
CategoriesController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/categories_controller.rb	class CategoriesController 
CategoriesControllerTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/functional/categories_controller_test.rb	class CategoriesControllerTest 
CategoriesHelper	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/categories_helper.rb	module CategoriesHelper
Category	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/category.rb	class Category 
ChangeLog	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/app/models/change_log.rb	class ChangeLog 
ChangeLogger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/app/controllers/controller.rb	module ChangeLogger
ChangeLogger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger.rb	module ChangeLogger
ChangeLogger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	module ChangeLogger
ChangeLoggerTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/test/change_logger_test.rb	class ChangeLoggerTest 
ChangePreferenceToText	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100520010521_change_preference_to_text.rb	class ChangePreferenceToText 
ClassMethods	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	    module ClassMethods
Column	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	    class Column 
Comment	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/comment.rb	class Comment 
CommentsController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/comments_controller.rb	class Admin::CommentsController 
CommentsController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	class CommentsController 
CommentsControllerTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/functional/comments_controller_test.rb	class CommentsControllerTest 
CommentsHelper	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/comments_helper.rb	module CommentsHelper
Controller	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/app/controllers/controller.rb	  module Controller
CreateCategories	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100209031313_create_categories.rb	class CreateCategories 
CreateChangeLogger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100717075004_create_change_logger.rb	class CreateChangeLogger 
CreateComments	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214225104_create_comments.rb	class CreateComments 
CreateFavorites	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100501220033_create_favorites.rb	class CreateFavorites 
CreateFeatures	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100606012516_create_features.rb	class CreateFeatures 
CreatePages	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100502033241_create_pages.rb	class CreatePages 
CreatePaperTrailVersionsDb	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100705213942_create_paper_trail_versions_db.rb	class CreatePaperTrailVersionsDb 
CreatePosts	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100209025321_create_posts.rb	class CreatePosts 
CreatePreferenceCategories	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100426024104_create_preference_categories.rb	class CreatePreferenceCategories 
CreatePreferences	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100418182735_create_preferences.rb	class CreatePreferences 
CreateUserSessions	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214003613_create_user_sessions.rb	class CreateUserSessions 
CreateUsers	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100213193701_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
CreateVotes	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214193944_create_votes.rb	class CreateVotes 
DashboardController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/dashboard_controller.rb	class Admin::DashboardController 
DirtyPost	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  class DirtyPost
DynamicForm	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	    module DynamicForm
DynamicFormI18nTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_i18n_test.rb	class DynamicFormI18nTest 
DynamicFormTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	class DynamicFormTest 
Errors	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	    class Errors
Favorite	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/favorite.rb	class Favorite 
FavoriteControllerTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/functional/favorite_controller_test.rb	class FavoriteControllerTest 
FavoriteHelper	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/favorite_helper.rb	module FavoriteHelper
FavoriteHelperTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/unit/helpers/favorite_helper_test.rb	class FavoriteHelperTest 
FavoriteTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/unit/favorite_test.rb	class FavoriteTest 
FavoritesController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/favorites_controller.rb	class FavoritesController 
Feature	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/feature.rb	class Feature 
FeatureTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/unit/feature_test.rb	class FeatureTest 
FmlClone	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/config/application.rb	module FmlClone
FormBuilder	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	    class FormBuilder
FormBuilderMethods	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	      module FormBuilderMethods
Helpers	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	  module Helpers
InstanceMethods	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	    module InstanceMethods
InstanceTag	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	    class InstanceTag
InstanceTagMethods	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	      module InstanceTagMethods
ModeratorVote	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/moderator_vote.rb	class ModeratorVote 
ModeratorVoteTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/unit/moderator_vote_test.rb	class ModeratorVoteTest 
ModeratorsController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/moderators_controller.rb	class ModeratorsController 
ModeratorsControllerTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/functional/moderators_controller_test.rb	class ModeratorsControllerTest 
ModeratorsHelper	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/moderators_helper.rb	module ModeratorsHelper
ModeratorsHelperTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/unit/helpers/moderators_helper_test.rb	class ModeratorsHelperTest 
Page	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/page.rb	class Page 
PageTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/unit/page_test.rb	class PageTest 
PagesController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/pages_controller.rb	class Admin::PagesController 
PagesController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
PagesControllerTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/functional/pages_controller_test.rb	class PagesControllerTest 
PagesHelper	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	module PagesHelper
PagesHelperTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/unit/helpers/pages_helper_test.rb	class PagesHelperTest 
PasswordController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/password_controller.rb	class PasswordController 
Post	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/post.rb	class Post 
Post	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	      def Post
Post	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	      def Post
Post	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	      def Post
Post	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	    class Post 
PostVote	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/post_vote.rb	class PostVote 
PostVoteTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/unit/post_vote_test.rb	class PostVoteTest 
PostsController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/posts_controller.rb	class Admin::PostsController 
PostsController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	class PostsController 
PostsControllerTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/functional/posts_controller_test.rb	class PostsControllerTest 
PostsHelper	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	module PostsHelper
Preference	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/preference.rb	class Preference 
PreferenceCategory	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/preference_category.rb	class PreferenceCategory 
PreferenceCategoryTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/unit/preference_category_test.rb	class PreferenceCategoryTest 
PreferenceTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/unit/preference_test.rb	class PreferenceTest 
PreferencesController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/preferences_controller.rb	class Admin::PreferencesController 
RemovePublishedFromPosts	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214220352_remove_published_from_posts.rb	class RemovePublishedFromPosts 
SITE_URL	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/config/environments/development.rb	SITE_URL =
SITE_URL	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/config/environments/production.rb	SITE_URL =
SearchController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/search_controller.rb	class Admin::SearchController 
SearchController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/search_controller.rb	class SearchController 
SearchControllerTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/functional/search_controller_test.rb	class SearchControllerTest 
SearchHelper	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/search_helper.rb	module SearchHelper
SearchHelperTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/unit/helpers/search_helper_test.rb	class SearchHelperTest 
String	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/config/initializers/slugify.rb	class String
TestCase	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
TestCase	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/test_helper.rb	class Test::Unit::TestCase
User	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/user.rb	class User 
User	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	      def User
User	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	    class User 
UserMailer	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/mailers/user_mailer.rb	class UserMailer 
UserMailerTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/functional/user_mailer_test.rb	class UserMailerTest 
UserObserver	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/user_observer.rb	class UserObserver 
UserSession	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/user_session.rb	class UserSession 
UserSessionsController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	class UserSessionsController 
UserSessionsControllerTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/functional/user_sessions_controller_test.rb	class UserSessionsControllerTest 
UserSessionsHelper	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/user_sessions_helper.rb	module UserSessionsHelper
UsersController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	class Admin::UsersController 
UsersController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
Vote	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/vote.rb	class Vote 
Vote	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100705184327_add_type_to_votes.rb	  class Vote 
VotesController	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/votes_controller.rb	class VotesController 
VotesControllerTest	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/functional/votes_controller_test.rb	class VotesControllerTest 
VotesHelper	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/votes_helper.rb	module VotesHelper
access_denied	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def access_denied
account_suspended_email	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/mailers/user_mailer.rb	  def account_suspended_email
account_unsuspended_email	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/mailers/user_mailer.rb	  def account_unsuspended_email
action_name	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger.rb	  def self.action_name
action_name	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger.rb	  def self.action_name
activate	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def activate
activate	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def activate
activate_button	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def activate_button
activate_suspend_delete_buttons	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def activate_suspend_delete_buttons
activation_email	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/mailers/user_mailer.rb	  def activation_email
acts_as_change_logger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def acts_as_change_logger
admin?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def admin?
admin_post_creator_link	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	  def admin_post_creator_link
admin_required	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def admin_required
admin_side_bar_links	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def admin_side_bar_links
after_create	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/user_observer.rb	  def after_create
all_input_tags	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	      def all_input_tags
bulk_update	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/preferences_controller.rb	  def bulk_update
change_logger_store	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger.rb	  def self.change_logger_store
children	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/comment.rb	  def children
clear_published_at	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/post.rb	  def clear_published_at
column_type	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	        def column_type
controller_name	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger.rb	  def self.controller_name
controller_name	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger.rb	  def self.controller_name
count	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	        def count
count	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	        def count
count	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	      def count
create	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/pages_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/favorites_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/password_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/votes_controller.rb	  def create
current_user	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def current_user
current_user_actions	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def current_user_actions
current_user_session	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def current_user_session
currently_published?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/post.rb	  def currently_published?
decrement_counter	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/moderator_vote.rb	  def decrement_counter
decrement_counter	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/post_vote.rb	  def decrement_counter
default_input_block	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	      def default_input_block
delete	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def delete
delete_button	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def delete_button
delete_short_url	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/posts_controller.rb	  def delete_short_url
deny	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/posts_controller.rb	  def deny
destroy	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/comments_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/pages_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/posts_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/favorites_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
display_name	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	  def display_name
display_name	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/post.rb	  def display_name
display_result	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def display_result
do_activate	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/user.rb	  def do_activate
do_delete	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/user.rb	  def do_delete
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100209025321_create_posts.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100209031313_create_categories.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100213193701_create_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100213232018_add_last_request_at_to_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214003613_create_user_sessions.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214190242_add_admin_to_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214193944_create_votes.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214205730_add_state_column_to_posts.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214220352_remove_published_from_posts.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214225104_create_comments.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100418182735_create_preferences.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100418194501_add_modifiable_flag_to_preferences.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100426024104_create_preference_categories.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100501220033_create_favorites.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100502020901_add_extra_columns_to_preferences.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100502033241_create_pages.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100516105554_add_description_fields_to_categories_and_preferences.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100516112216_add_position_to_preferences.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100516120031_add_required_to_preferences.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100520010521_change_preference_to_text.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100520013810_add_size_to_preferences.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100606012516_create_features.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100606021921_add_tweeted_column_to_posts.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100606045758_add_shortened_url_to_posts.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100619212437_add_session_id_to_votes.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100703233356_add_views_to_posts.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100703235025_add_ip_user_agent_to_posts.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100705184327_add_type_to_votes.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100705195948_add_moderator_votes_counter_to_posts.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100705213942_create_paper_trail_versions_db.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100717075004_create_change_logger.rb	  def self.down
down_vote	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/moderators_controller.rb	  def down_vote
down_vote	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def down_vote
edit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/comments_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/pages_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/posts_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/preferences_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/password_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
empty?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	        def empty?
empty?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	        def empty?
empty?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	      def empty?
error_message_on	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	        def error_message_on
error_message_on	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	      def error_message_on
error_messages	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	        def error_messages
error_messages_for	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	      def error_messages_for
errors	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	    def errors
facebook_this_link	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	  def facebook_this_link
favorite?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/user.rb	  def favorite?
favorite_posts	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/user.rb	  def favorite_posts
find_user	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def find_user
first_child?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/comment.rb	  def first_child?
form	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	      def form
form_authenticity_token	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  attr_accessor :request_forgery_protection_token, :form_authenticity_token
form_for	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def form_for
full_messages	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	        def full_messages
full_messages	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	        def full_messages
full_messages	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	      def full_messages
generate_slug	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/category.rb	  def generate_slug
generate_slug	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/page.rb	  def generate_slug
generate_slug	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/preference_category.rb	  def generate_slug
get_current_user	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def get_current_user
get_post	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/comments_controller.rb	  def get_post
get_post	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def get_post
get_preferences	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def get_preferences
get_short_url	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/posts_controller.rb	  def get_short_url
get_short_url	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/Bitly.rb	  def self.get_short_url
has_errors?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def has_errors?
id	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	        def id
ignore	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	        cattr_accessor :ignore
included	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/app/controllers/controller.rb	    def self.included
included	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	    def self.included
increment_counter	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/moderator_vote.rb	  def increment_counter
increment_counter	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/post_vote.rb	  def increment_counter
index	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/dashboard_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/pages_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/posts_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/preferences_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/search_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/categories_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/favorites_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/moderators_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/search_controller.rb	  def index
input	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	      def input
last_child?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/comment.rb	  def last_child?
link_to_user	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	  def link_to_user
local_request?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def local_request?
log_names	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def log_names
logged_in?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def logged_in?
new	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/pages_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/password_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
new_activation_email	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new_activation_email
new_password	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/user.rb	  def new_password
number_of_comments	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/user.rb	  def number_of_comments
number_of_posts	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/user.rb	  def number_of_posts
owner?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/post.rb	  def owner?
owns_changes	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def owns_changes
parent_comments	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/post.rb	  def parent_comments
password_reset_email	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/mailers/user_mailer.rb	  def password_reset_email
persisted?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	        def persisted?
post_result	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def post_result
post_times	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	  def post_times
protect_against_forgery?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def protect_against_forgery?
publish	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/posts_controller.rb	  def publish
published_time	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	  def published_time
purge	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def purge
random	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def random
recently_activated?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/user.rb	  def recently_activated?
record_changes	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def record_changes
redirect_back_or_default	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def redirect_back_or_default
remove_published_at	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/post.rb	  def remove_published_at
render_error	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def render_error
render_not_found	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def render_not_found
render_table	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def render_table
reply	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def reply
request	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_i18n_test.rb	  attr_reader :request
request_forgery_protection_token	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  attr_accessor :request_forgery_protection_token, :form_authenticity_token
require_no_user	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def require_no_user
require_user	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def require_user
reset_password	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def reset_password
scheduled_to_be_published?	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/post.rb	  def scheduled_to_be_published?
set_change_log_activity_info	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/app/controllers/controller.rb	    def set_change_log_activity_info
set_change_log_whodunnit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/app/controllers/controller.rb	    def set_change_log_whodunnit
set_date	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/post.rb	  def set_date
setup	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_i18n_test.rb	  def setup
setup	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def setup
setup_post	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def setup_post
setup_user	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def setup_user
show	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/preferences_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/categories_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
show_admin_status	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def show_admin_status
show_full_name	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def show_full_name
show_id	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def show_id
show_login	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def show_login
siblings	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/comment.rb	  def siblings
slugify	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/config/initializers/slugify.rb	  def slugify
stop_bad_admin_transistion	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/user.rb	  def stop_bad_admin_transistion
stop_bad_delete	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/user.rb	  def stop_bad_delete
store_location	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def store_location
suspend	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def suspend
suspend_button	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def suspend_button
suspend_delete_buttons	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def suspend_delete_buttons
test_default_form_builder_no_instance_variable	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_default_form_builder_no_instance_variable
test_default_form_builder_with_dynamic_form_helpers	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_default_form_builder_with_dynamic_form_helpers
test_error_for_block	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_error_for_block
test_error_message_on	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_error_message_on
test_error_message_on_escapes_html	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_error_message_on_escapes_html
test_error_message_on_handles_empty_errors	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_error_message_on_handles_empty_errors
test_error_message_on_handles_nil	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_error_message_on_handles_nil
test_error_message_on_no_instance_variable	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_error_message_on_no_instance_variable
test_error_message_on_with_options_hash	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_error_message_on_with_options_hash
test_error_message_on_with_tag_option_in_options_hash	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_error_message_on_with_tag_option_in_options_hash
test_error_messages_for_escapes_html	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_error_messages_for_escapes_html
test_error_messages_for_given_a_header_option_it_does_not_translate_header_message	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_i18n_test.rb	  def test_error_messages_for_given_a_header_option_it_does_not_translate_header_message
test_error_messages_for_given_a_message_option_it_does_not_translate_message	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_i18n_test.rb	  def test_error_messages_for_given_a_message_option_it_does_not_translate_message
test_error_messages_for_given_no_header_option_it_translates_header_message	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_i18n_test.rb	  def test_error_messages_for_given_no_header_option_it_translates_header_message
test_error_messages_for_given_no_message_option_it_translates_message	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_i18n_test.rb	  def test_error_messages_for_given_no_message_option_it_translates_message
test_error_messages_for_handles_nil	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_error_messages_for_handles_nil
test_error_messages_for_many_objects	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_error_messages_for_many_objects
test_error_messages_for_model_objects	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_error_messages_for_model_objects
test_error_messages_for_non_instance_variable	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_error_messages_for_non_instance_variable
test_field_error_proc	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_field_error_proc
test_form_with_action_option	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_form_with_action_option
test_form_with_date	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_form_with_date
test_form_with_datetime	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_form_with_datetime
test_form_with_method_option	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_form_with_method_option
test_form_with_protect_against_forgery	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_form_with_protect_against_forgery
test_form_with_string	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_form_with_string
test_form_with_string_multipart	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_form_with_string_multipart
test_generic_input_tag	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_generic_input_tag
test_homepage	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
test_text_area_with_errors	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_text_area_with_errors
test_text_field_with_errors	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def test_text_field_with_errors
to_param	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/category.rb	  def to_param
to_param	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/page.rb	  def to_param
to_param	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	        def to_param
to_slug	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/config/initializers/slugify.rb	  alias :to_slug
to_tag	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/lib/action_view/helpers/dynamic_form.rb	        def to_tag
top_rated	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def top_rated
tweet	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/models/post.rb	  def tweet
tweet_this_link	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	  def tweet_this_link
undeny	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/posts_controller.rb	  def undeny
unpublish	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/posts_controller.rb	  def unpublish
unsuspend	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def unsuspend
unsuspend_button	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def unsuspend_button
unsuspend_delete_buttons	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def unsuspend_delete_buttons
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100209025321_create_posts.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100209031313_create_categories.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100213193701_create_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100213232018_add_last_request_at_to_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214003613_create_user_sessions.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214190242_add_admin_to_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214193944_create_votes.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214205730_add_state_column_to_posts.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214220352_remove_published_from_posts.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100214225104_create_comments.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100418182735_create_preferences.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100418194501_add_modifiable_flag_to_preferences.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100426024104_create_preference_categories.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100501220033_create_favorites.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100502020901_add_extra_columns_to_preferences.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100502033241_create_pages.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100516105554_add_description_fields_to_categories_and_preferences.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100516112216_add_position_to_preferences.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100516120031_add_required_to_preferences.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100520010521_change_preference_to_text.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100520013810_add_size_to_preferences.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100606012516_create_features.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100606021921_add_tweeted_column_to_posts.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100606045758_add_shortened_url_to_posts.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100619212437_add_session_id_to_votes.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100703233356_add_views_to_posts.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100703235025_add_ip_user_agent_to_posts.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100705184327_add_type_to_votes.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100705195948_add_moderator_votes_counter_to_posts.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100705213942_create_paper_trail_versions_db.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/db/migrate/20100717075004_create_change_logger.rb	  def self.up
up_vote	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/moderators_controller.rb	  def up_vote
up_vote	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def up_vote
update	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/comments_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/pages_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/posts_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/preferences_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/password_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
url_for	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/dynamic_form/test/dynamic_form_test.rb	  def url_for
user_result	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def user_result
whodunnit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/app/controllers/controller.rb	    def whodunnit
whodunnit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger.rb	  def self.whodunnit
whodunnit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/fml_clone/vendor/plugins/change_logger/lib/change_logger.rb	  def self.whodunnit
